I just, I, I, why don't I admit it now?
Well, I don't think you treat your brother that way.
My brother's master, I think he's jealous
Hey, you're finished and jealous.
Don't think I don't know
You are not related to your brother
I can give you what he can give you
Give me what?
Buttface, I'm about to be killed by you
Mr. Chen
I can't take care of you any longer this afternoon
It's my dad's birthday today.
Do you want to spend some money on your birthday?
Spend this card casually
But you can't give flowers to other men
Then my salary will be paid
This Card
It's the cost of having you take care of me in our house
I didn't spend it for you for nothing.
Ah go
OK